fix(button-group): reverted cancellable on selected and deselected events - 15.1 (#13630)
IgniteUI/igniteui-angular: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes for each version of this project will be documented in this file.

## 15.1.33

### General
- `IgxButtonGroup`:

>     - Reverted cancellable on `selected` and `deselected` events (added in 15.1.0) as it was breaking firing order.

Reviewer: This can't be right, 15.1.0 was a while back and the change being reverted is fairly recent.
No idea why the merged commit doesn't list it's specific tags for me, but I do see it in the changes listed for [15.1.24](https://github.com/IgniteUI/igniteui-angular/releases/tag/15.1.24) which fits the time slot, so:
```suggestion
    - Reverted cancellable on `selected` and `deselected` events (added in 15.1.24) as it was breaking firing order and related handling.
```
